Skip to main content Bell Let's TalkLogo of Bell Let's Talk Our Impact Our Initiative Tools & Resources Funding Opportunities fr Bell Let's TalkLogo of Bell Let's Talk Homepage Our Impact Our Initiative Tools & Resources Funding Opportunities fr Scroll Meet some of the organizations creating real change. See more 1,500+ organizations providing mental health supports and services throughout Canada, supported by Bell Let’s Talk 6,956,297 Canadians have been supported with access to mental health services through programs funded by Bell Let’s Talk. 1/2 of Canadians say they have taken action related to mental health since Bell Let’s Talk Day began National Association of Friendship Centres (NAFC) Kids Help Phone 9-8-8: Suicide Crisis Helpline Integrated Youth Services (IYS) CAPSA Les Impatients Previous slide Next slide We can all take action Previous slide Next slide Let's create real change 1 in 2 1 in 8 21 200 Take action See sources Take action: tools & resources for everyone Explore tools & resources Bell Let’s Talk funding opportunities Community Fund Closed for 2024 Diversity Fund Closed for 2024 Bell TPL Fund Closed for 2024 Latest news See all news Media Releases Bell Let's Talk Day 2025 to Prioritize Youth Mental Health as Young Canadians Face Growing Crisis Bell unveiled MHRC’s new report on youth mental health and announced it will prioritize youth mental health on Bell Let’s Talk Day (January 22, 2025) and launch a text-to-donate campaign with 100% of funds raised going to six youth mental health providers. Read more News Bell Let’s Talk Community Fund announced 75 new grant recipients Bell Let’s Talk announced 75 new grant recipients for the 2024 Bell Let’s Talk Community Fund. Since the launch of the Fund in 2011, more than 1,175 organizations from across the country have received grants totalling over $22 million. Read more Scarborough Health Network Unveils a Landmark Community Mental Health Centre: Entirely Funded by Donors Scarborough Health Network (SHN) proudly announced the grand opening of its new Community Mental Health Centre today, a monumental step forward in delivering exceptional mental health care within the Scarborough community. This innovative centre embodies the essence of accessibility and compassion, serving as a beacon of hope and support. Read more Previous slide Next slide Sources Mental Health Research Canada, Understanding the Mental Health of Canadians Throughout COVID-19 and Beyond: Poll 17. 52% (more than 1 in 2) of Canadians who said they needed mental health support are not getting the help they need. For more information: Mental Health Research Canada Mental Health Research Canada, Understanding the Mental Health of Canadians through COVID-19 and Beyond: Poll 13. Those indicating feeling high anxiety was 7% just before the pandemic, 23% during the pandemic, and 11% now. This is a 64% relative increase and represents 1 in 4 during the pandemic 1 in 4 Canadians will receive a lifetime diagnosis of anxiety. For more information: Mental Health Research Canada Public Health Agency of Canada, Health Infobase, Opioid- and Stimulant-related Harms in Canada. 21 people die from opioid overdose per day. (Data as of November 2023). For more information: Public Health Agency of Canada Public Health Agency of Canada, Suicide Rates in Canada. Every year, approximately 4,500 people in Canada die by suicide each year, which is equivalent to approximately 12 people per day. For every 1 suicide death there are 25-30 attempts. For more information: Public Health Agency of Canada Investments in action Bell Let’s Talk partners from coast to coast to coast are making a difference for mental health in their communities. Learn more about their impact. Impact stories If you are in crisis, please go to the closest hospital or call 9-1-1. If you’re thinking about suicide, call or text 9-8-8 toll-free, anytime. News and Media Releases © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. Privacy Legal & Regulatory Visit bell.ca Sitemap Bell Let’s Talk promotes mental health awareness, acceptance and action built on 4 key pillars: Fighting stigma, improving access to care, supporting world-class research and leading by example in workplace mental health. Information on this site is not to be used for diagnosis, treatment or referral services. Individuals should contact their personal physician, and/or their local addiction or mental health agency for further information. Close