Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Promotions Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet Promotions TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Promotions Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Promotions Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Promotions Mobility Internet + TV Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Promotions change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Deals on Popular Smartphones and Mobile Plans Order online and we’ll waive the $70 Connection Service Fee.1 Shop our latest promotions. Great offers on mobile plans, phones and home services. Switch to Canada’s fastest and most reliable 5G+ network.2 100 GB $50.00/mo. 50 dollars per month. included Shop plans When you bring your own phone and bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. The latest phones on Canada’s fastest and most reliable 5G+ network.3 carousel You’ve reached the carousel’s tabs which are located at the end. To return to the carousel, press the SHIFT + TAB keys. To leave it, press the TAB key. iPhone 16 Starting at $33.00/mo. Shop Apple Pixel 9 Starting at $6.50/mo. Shop Google Galaxy Z Flip6 Starting at $36.25/mo. Shop Samsung carousel You’ve reached the carousel’s tabs which are located at the end. To return to the carousel, press the SHIFT + TAB keys. To leave it, press the TAB key. Apple Starting at $32.59/mo. Shop Apple Apple Starting at $66.41/mo. Shop Apple Apple Starting at $50.21/mo. Shop Apple carousel You’ve reached the carousel’s tabs which are located at the end. To return to the carousel, press the SHIFT + TAB keys. To leave it, press the TAB key. Google Starting at $5.00/mo. Shop Google Samsung Starting at $38.33/mo. Shop Samsung Online only Save $70 when you buy online.4 Get a new phone on an eligible 2-year plan, or bring your own. Shop phones Bring your own phone Switch to Canada's fastest Internet and best TV service.5 Pure fibre Internet from Bonus: enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. View all packages or Pure fibre Internet & Fibe TV from Bonus: enjoy a Bell Streamer on us. View all bundles $60.00/mo. $60.00 per month $100.00/mo. $100 per month More amazing offers. Students, bring your phone and get 100 GB for $49/mo. Includes Autopay credit. Find a store Crave, now offered with select mobile plans. Enjoy the best series and movies from HBO, Max and more.6 Learn more Save big when you add a family member. Get a plan from 50 GB $44.00/mo. 44 dollars per month. included Includes Autopay credit. Shop plans MOBILITY Save $15/mo. for every family member you add to your account.7 Learn more Additional details Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($70) applied as a separate credit by your 1st or 2nd billing period. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. See bell.ca/network. 5G+ performance and speed claims are based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada comparing Bell against other competitive national wireless networks while actively using 3500MHz spectrum. bell.ca/5G. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only or upgrades are eligible. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($70) applied as a separate credit by your 1st or 2nd billing period. Based on analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q1–Q2 2024. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission. Available with continued subscription to your rate plan and registration to Crave Basic with Ads. Data usage charges may apply. Changes in your plan will result in loss of Crave Basic with Ads. Downloading Crave Basic with Ads content is not available. Video resolution is up to 720p. A limited number of titles are unavailable on the Crave Basic with Ads plan due to licensing restrictions. AirPlay, Roku, PS4 and PS5 are not supported in this package. Crave Basic with Ads will automatically stop after promotional period. Crave is a trademark of Bell Media Inc. and used under license. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. More ways to shop Find a store Chat Live Call us at 1 855 448-5399 Book an appointment Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.